* Changes between versions				-*- outline -*-

This file (NEWS) documents the significant changes between all
versions of aylet, with the newest changes first.


* Changes in aylet 0.5

Fixed a stupid bug where the fadeout time defaulted to zero, so by
default all tracks lasting longer than 3 minutes were cut off
abruptly.


* Changes in aylet 0.4

Added 16-bit support. Now defaults to this when possible. New option
`-e' forces 8-bit playback (even that is improved, due to the 16-bit
mixing now done). Thanks to Stuart Brady for inspiring this change.

Added `-t' option, to play only a given track (actually slightly
different, see the man page). Thanks to Bartlomiej Ochman for this.

Fixed unhelpful interactive stop-after-setting behaviour when started
with stop-after set to something not a multiple of 30 seconds; now the
first interactive change will set it to the nearest multiple in the
specified direction. Thanks to Bartlomiej Ochman for this too.

Fixed a compilation error with newer versions of gcc (the code was
wrong before, but wasn't complained about). Thanks to Daniel Baumann
for pointing this one out.


* Changes in aylet 0.3

Finally uses accurate AY levels. Thanks to Matthew Westcott for the
measurements these were based on.

Removed beeper fading, which wasn't actually necessary and was causing
problems with some tracks, most noticeably in Trantor. The rest
position is still central for AY-only and CPC tracks, though, so the
change shouldn't affect those.

Added partial port-bitmask to allow for certain less-than-ideal .ay
conversions. Thanks to Vít Hotárek for helping find this one.

Fixed silly typo which meant that L and L' weren't set correctly when
starting up the Z80. (Though curiously, this bug didn't seem to break
any .ay files.) Thanks to Patrik Rak for spotting this.

Previously, when a track stopped and happened to do so leaving
high/low level `silence' (e.g. a few AY tracks and, given the
beeper-fade removal, all beeper tracks), if this change happened
during a fade the fading level would screw up the silence detection
and give (with default settings) up to ten seconds of extra `silence'.
Now fixed.

In xaylet, long file details (e.g. track name) no longer expand the
window to fit, but are clipped. You can still manually resize the
window to see the rest of the text, if you like.


* Changes in aylet 0.2

OUT instructions previously took too long, making some beeper tunes
(e.g. Heavy on the Magick) sound terribly slow - fixed.

New AY volume levels, which should more closely reflect actual AY
output.

Added support for CPC files.

A native sound driver for OpenBSD. Thanks to Chris Cox for this.

Fixed most clicking problems. There are still a few, but it's doing
much better than before.

Rewrote envelope emulation, the old one couldn't be made to cope with
high-speed envelopes (as used in some demos). Also fixes
presumably-accidental zero-period envelope use with `negative' volume
(e.g. Afterburner).

Fixed high-frequency noise.

Beeper tones inverted, so they're now the right way up. :-)

Changed field label from "Title" to "Misc" throughout. Some files use
it for Title, some Copyright, some both. So "Misc" is about the only
reasonable label.


* Changes in aylet 0.1

Everything. :-)
